DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago.
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC & DOANE, \"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
Let us out or you'll be sorry.
Is that right?
[ominous music]
Ah!
[moans]
Dan!
You'll pay for that.
I doubt it.
Ahh!
No!
KAZARINA: [evil laugh]
[battle music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in \"Jake's Last Stand.\"
[tense music playing]
Guys, I have some terrible news for you.
Your old teammates have been brainwashed by Kazarina.
They attacked us during our last battle.
That must be why we couldn't find them in the lab.
Sounds like Kazarina has been awfully busy.
This is gonna be harder than we thought, Ren.
I agree, but what choice do we have?
Yeah.
Come on.
This way.
Why that way?
If you guys wanna win this thing, then just trust me.
So what's the plan?
I won't lie, Princess.
It's a risky one, but it's our only chance.
You good?
Hmm.
[suspenseful music playing]
[electrical sounds]
Why have you summoned me, Kazarina?
I've discovered something you'll find interesting.
I've been examining the DNA code of Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid
and comparing it against Dharak's code.
BARONIUS: And?
KAZARINA: As you can see, they're nearly identical.
Who would have guessed it?
Yes, indeed.
If our DNA is so similar, then tell me why I lost.
What gave Drago the upper hand that allowed him to beat me?
I assume it has something to do with this.
It seems Drago has evolved a number of times
in order to gain his current power.
Evolved, huh.
Well, that is something that I've never done before.
I had an idea.
If we replicated Drago's DNA, perhaps
we could transfer it to Dharak.
Are you saying that I could evolve?
If that's the case, then what are you waiting for?
Begin work on this, immediately.
Enjoy these peaceful moments, Drago.
They'll be your last.
[music playing]
You OK, Marucho?
Am I going too fast?
No, I'm OK.
Keep going.
All right, buddy.
This is fun.
I think I'm finally getting the hang of it.
Left, right, left, right, left, right, left, right,
left, right, left, right, left.
[grunts] Hey!
Quiet.
Akwimos, get back here!
[ominous music]
We should follow them.
MARUCHO: Are you sure?
We don't even know where that thing is going.
Maybe we should go down instead?
That sounds like a good idea.
If Jake's a prisoner, dungeons are usually down, right?
We should split up.
I'll go down.
You go up.
OK.
If either of us find Jake we'll contact each other
using our BakuMeters.
Sounds good.
See you.
Don't forget to keep an eye out for Dan too.
OK.
Here we go.
Right, left-- (SINGING) I'm a big, strong soldier
running through the halls.
Watch me go, go, go.
Um, Akwimos, I'm pretty sure Gundalian soldiers don't sing.
[laughs] Huh?
Who's singing?
This is a mantra chant, yo.
You OK, buddy?
Whoa!
Uh, It's hot in here.
Let me help you with that, little man.
Ah, cool as a rule.
Hey, you there!
Oh!
- What are you doing? - Whoa!
Easy!
I asked you a question.
Turn around!
[grunts] Show me your face.
OK!
(VOICEOVER) Oh man, what would Dan do?
What?
Peek-a-boo!
Ah!
[grunts] [groans]
Oh, yeah.
KOed by a head with no body.
Nice one!
Woo hoo!
[laughs]
Hey, hey.
Quiet down.
What happened?
[groans] I got attacked by a helmet.
That guy's! - Huh?
What? - Ha, ha.
That's crazy talk.
He slipped and hit his head.
Enough!
Hey, Marucho, I know cool is the rule and all,
but I'm out of ideas here.
I just don't know.
OK, you.
Let's see what's under the mask!
[growling]
Yikes!
Whoa!
[growling]
Huh, they missed?
Ahh!
Ha ha!
Time to split!
Terrible joke!
Catch you later.
Take it easy.
- [grunts] - Marucho!
Wait up!
Great, another dead end.
Maybe not, Hawktor.
A locked door is not a dead end if you have the right key.
Too bad for us, we don't have any key.
Ha!
[metal clangs]
Sometimes you have to improvise.
Huh?
Hmm.
I can feel a draft.
There's something behind here.
[grunts] Huh?
Whoa!
Looks like this is a secret elevator shaft.
Let's see where it goes.
Ha!
Are you crazy?
I don't see any sign of Jake here either.
No Jake, no Dan.
We're striking out here.
[footsteps]
Attention!
Huh?
Oh, snap!
Keep calm. Keep calm.
Don't panic.
Don't panic!
Oh, I got a bad feeling about this, Marucho!
Me too.
[tense music playing]
Huh?
What's this?
An observation deck of some sort.
Whoa!
Huh?
Huh, Dan!
Drago!
Huh?
[growls]
[growls] Who's that I smell up here?
[crash]
[groans]
Find them.
[powerful music]
Oh, man.
What are they watching?
It's a presentation about our Bakugan partners and us.
Hey, listen up, guys.
Whoa.
Is that Jake?
It is!
[battle music]
MARUCHO (VOICEOVER): We've got to save
Jake this time, Akwimos.
[battle music]
SHUN (VOICEOVER): We've gotta move
or they'll catch us, Hawktor.
We found him.
You might think that you're hardcore with your tough
looking uniforms, but the truth is
your battling skills are weak.
Huh?
But don't sweat it because I'm gonna
tell you what you need to know to take down the Brawlers.
What's he doing?
Sounds like he's still hypnotized.
Oh!
Marucho, where do you think you're going?
You can't confront him in front of 10,000 Gundalian soldiers!
I just need to get a little bit closer.
If Jake's memories are intact like Dan said,
maybe I can say something that will tweak his subconscious.
Then maybe he'll snap out of this hypnotized state
that Kazarina has put him in, Akwimos.
I don't know, Marucho.
Let's talk about Marucho.
Oh no!
JAKE: This little dude uses a combination
play with his Bakugan Akwimos.
The key is to split that up.
Oh, dude.
This is really bad, Marucho.
He's giving away all our battle strategies.
If you aren't able to do that, then fake an injury.
Marucho will feel so bad he'll be distracted.
That's when you take advantage of his sympathy and wallop him.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw that guy cry,
I'd have a lot of nickels.
Ha, listen to the trash he's talking.
Jake, no.
With Shun and Hawktor the secret
is disrupting their rhythm.
Stay on them and don't give them any time to think.
Grr.
And then, there's Dan and Drago.
These guys are the toughest Brawlers
you'll ever face in battle.
So be ready for some gnarly action.
Be prepared to sacrifice a lot of your Bakugan in the process.
Not all of you will survive the battle against these two,
but together we can destroy them!
[cheering]
JAKE: Glory to Gundalia!
I can't believe he sold us out like that.
They're gonna pay.
Hey, not so loud.
Jake, had one of the biggest hearts of anyone I know.
[crying] But somehow they stole that from him.
I know, buddy.
I know.
MARUCHO (VOICEOVER): Jake loved everything that was about being
a Brawler, and it showed.
He put 110% into every minute of his training,
never giving up and never slowing down
until he finally made the team.
I just can't imagine the terrible things they
must have done to poison him.
But what can we do about it?
We don't give up the fight until we
get him back on our side.
I'm with you, buddy.
Attention security forces.
Huh?
We have been infiltrated by a swarm of Neathian rats.
Find them.
Ha!
KAZARINA: Destroy them. - Hey!
What do we do?
They're onto us!
How did they find out?
Who knows?
Maybe they got Dan or Shun.
We should keep moving and quick before they find us.
Uh, I think it might be too late.
Hey, it's Jake.
What are you doing here?
[clears throat] Yes, well, uh, you see, the thing is--
Hmm.
I'm listening.
Grr.
Yes, you are listening.
Uh, you see--
[growls]
[crash]
Don't you recognize me, Jake?
You're Marucho.
Sure.
Jake, you have to snap out of it and come back.
[laughs] I gotta admit, for a little
guy you've got a lot of guts coming in here like this.
[laughs]
Jake, I'm not gonna give up on you.
Marucho, wait!
[grunts]
You OK?
Huh?
You're the one who needs to snap out of it.
We're not friends anymore.
Got it, Maruch?
No way.
OK.
Gate card set!
[battle music]
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan scan.
Rise Subterra Coredem.
[roars]
Bring it!
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan scan.
Let's go, Aquos Akwimos!
Oh, yeah!
[laughs] Ability activate!
Core Knuckle!
[blasts]
Ability activate!
Loop Defence!
Swirly!
Time to burst your bubble.
[grunts] Ah!
I guess your tougher than I thought.
Not!
Ha!
Ability activate!
Phantom Blow!
[explosion]
Ahh!
Akwimos!
[groaning]
Huh?
He doesn't know when to quit.
Don't hold back, Coredem.
Show these weasels no mercy.
[roars]
Ability activate!
Hammer Blow!
Ha!
[explosion]
Ahh!
Ah!
[grunts]
Akwimos!
Hold tight, buddy!
Ability activate!
Heal Blue!
[moaning] Ah!
Where are we?
In a secret lair.
Seriously?
Whose is it?
Nurzak's, of course.
Akwimos, you OK?
Yeah, I'm OK.
Glad to hear it.
So, what do you want to do next, Marucho?
He's gonna be a tough one.
Then let's turn it up.
Ability activate!
Elemental Blue!
Grr.
That should finish Coredem off.
Ha!
Don't count on it!
I saw that coming a mile away.
Gate card open.
Enemy Resetter!
Whoa!
Ahh!
Hey!
I didn't expect that.
[growls]
You're going down.
Ahh!
Hey, buddy.
Not the face!
Watch out!
Now!
Crush him! - Enough, Jake.
Please stop this!
Since you put it that way--
Huh?
Yes, Jake?
--I'll stop.
[laughs] Nice Coredem.
Thanks, Jake.
Yeah, I'll stop, as soon as you
and Akwimos are totally destroyed!
[maniacal laugh]
Oh, no!
Ah!
[grunts]
Akwimos!
Oh, no.
[moans] No sweat.
I meant to do that, that face plant.
Uh.
I thought we had him, then he pumped us real good.
Let's try to wear them down, Marucho!
[evil laugh]
I'll work on Coredem while you keep
working on Jake, all right?
OK then.
[growls]
I think we need to change tactics.
Since words don't seem to be working,
maybe it's time we shake them out of their fog, huh Akwimos?
[electronic beeps]
COMPUTER: Ready Gigarth.
Battle Gear Boost!
Ha!
You finally decided to bring it, huh?
Well, too late.
[electronic beeps]
COMPUTER: Ready Rock Hammer.
Battle Gear Boost!
[transformer sounds]
[growls]
Here we go.
Battle Gear ability activate.
Gigarth Pointer!
[growls]
My turn now.
Battle Gear ability activate!
Rock Hammer Beo-Blasters.
[explosions]
[grunting]
Hang on, pal!
[laughs] Looks like I got this one in the bag.
Don't be so sure.
Ahh!
[explosion]
Whoa!
Ah!
[grunts] Ah!
[moaning]
[moans] This is crazy.
We're supposed to be friends.
Deep down you have to remember that.
You hear that?
[cracking sound]
[grunts]
Whoa.
The explosion must have cracked the foundation.
[rumbling]
Oh, snap.
Ahh!
Jump, Jake!
Whoa!
Ahh!
[screaming] - Marucho!
Ah!
Ahh!
Jake, help!
Marucho!
Ahh!
[grunting]
What happened?
We found Jake, but we fought and, uh--
I couldn't save Dan either.
What happened?
Hold on.
Let's find the others first.
Then I'll fill you in, Marucho.
Ready to fly?
Yeah.
[battle music]
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Since we first infiltrated
Gundalia Castle things haven't been
going so well for the Brawlers.
Forced to split up, we've nearly been wiped out by our enemies.
What's worse, is that, while we've been fighting
our individual battles, Kazarina has been
trying to replicate Drago's DNA in order
to fuse it with Dharak's.
If this happens Dharak will not only
be strong enough to defeat Drago, but also
destroy the third shield protecting Neathia.
We simply can't let that happen.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you
what we have to do to stop her.
Tune in to see for yourself.